Add info about include/exclude in caddyfile (#260) (#262)
caddyserver/website: src/docs/markdown/caddyfile/options.md

- **output** configures where to write the logs. See the [`log` directive](/docs/caddyfile/directives/log#output-modules) for complete documentation.
- **format** describes how to encode, or format, the logs. See the [`log` directive](/docs/caddyfile/directives/log#format-modules) for complete documentation.
- **level** is the minimum entry level to log. Default: `INFO`.
- **include** specifies the log names to be included in this logger. For example, to include only logs emitted by the admin API, you would include `admin.api`. By default, this list is empty (i.e. all logs are included).
- **exclude** specifies the log names to be excluded from this logger. For example, to exclude only HTTP access logs, you would exclude `http.log.access`. By default, this list is empty (i.e. no logs are excluded).

The logger names that `include` and `exclude` accept depend on the modules used, and easiest way to discover them is from prior logs.

Here is an example logging as json all http access logs and admin logs to stdout:

```caddy
log default {
    output stdout
	format json

> 	include http.log.access admin.api

Reviewer: I think there's different line endings here. Should be tabs

Author: I think you mean indentation here, like me fix that.

- **output** configures where to write the logs. See the [`log` directive](/docs/caddyfile/directives/log#output-modules) for complete documentation.
- **format** describes how to encode, or format, the logs. See the [`log` directive](/docs/caddyfile/directives/log#format-modules) for complete documentation.
- **level** is the minimum entry level to log. Default: `INFO`.

> - **include** specifies the log names to be included in this logger. For example, to include only logs emitted by the admin API, you would include `admin.api`. By default, all logs are included (aka this list is empty by default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **include** specifies the log names to be included in this logger. For example, to include only logs emitted by the admin API, you would include `admin.api`. By default, this list is empty (i.e. all logs are included).
```

> - **exclude** specifies the log names to be excluded from this logger. For example, to exclude only HTTP access logs, you would exclude `http.log.access`. By default, no logs are excluded (aka this list is empty by default).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- **exclude** specifies the log names to be excluded from this logger. For example, to exclude only HTTP access logs, you would exclude `http.log.access`. By default, this list is empty (i.e. no logs are excluded).
```

> The logger names that `include` and `exclude` accept depend on the modules used, and the easiest way to find them out is from the logs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The logger names that `include` and `exclude` accept depend on the modules used, and the easiest way to discover them is from prior logs.
```

Here is an example logging as json all http access logs and admin logs to stdout, but not http error logs:

```caddy
log default {
    output stdout
	format json
	include http.log.access admin.api
	exclude http.log.error

> }

Reviewer 2: This example doesn't make much sense, since `include` and `exclude` are seldom used together in practice, and won't serve any purpose in this case: the log will only ever include `http.log.access` and `admin.api` logs, so excluding `http.log.error` is nonsensical.

Maybe if `http.log.access` was changed to `http.log` that would make more sense, but it's still shorter to write the config by omitting `exclude`, since I think the only loggers under `http.log` are `.access` and `.error` anyways.
